**Update v2.12.4**

- Added in 11 New Models
    - Gardevoir Christmas by @dcrdemonlord
    - Gardevoir Mega by @dcrdemonlord
    - Gallade Christmas by @dcrdemonlord
    - Gallade Christmas Mega by @dcrdemonlord
    - Darumaka & Darumaka Galar by @ismegames
    - Darmanitan & Darmanitan-Zen by @ismegames
    - Darmanitan Galar & Darmanitan-Galar-Zen by @ismegames
    - Armarouge Christmas by @ismegames
- Added in a new `items.json` file that stores a item map of PokeBedrock Behavior Item Type ID's to there display icon referenced in `./textures/item_texture.json`.
    - This new file, is generated by the behavior pack like `pokemon.json`, it's use case is to standardize `texts` and `item_textures` to ensure nothing is missing.
    - With this new file a new script `generateItemLang.ts` was added. This script will append `Missing Items` to `./texts/en_US.lang` to show what items are missing names, and to quickly make a fix.
    - Additionally this file added the ability to make a test script checking if each item has a valid icon (ADDING TESTS!).
- Changed script name of `generateEntityFiles` => `generatePokemonFiles`, as it makes more sense of what it is used for.
- `generatePokemonFiles` now will update the `./texts/en_US.lang` Pokemon Spawn Eggs category to auto generate name conversions.
- `generatePokemonFiles` will also now update the `./texts/en_US.lang` Dismount Messages category to auto generate dismount messages, previously done by resource pack.
    - This feature also required `canMount` to be added to `pokemon.json`, generated by behavior pack.
- `blocks.json` now have a standard format version, and was moved to top.
- Added in Missing Item Textures:
    - Galarica Cuff
    - Galarica Wreath
    - Masterpiece Teacup
    - Unremarkable Teacup